README.md, before:

# Jack Hangen #

### 👋 Welcome to my GitHub profile! ###
I'm a passionate data science enthusiast and a current master's student at Georgia Tech, where I'm exploring the fascinating intersection of data science and behavioral economics.

### 💻 Data Science Advocate: ###
I'm a dedicated advocate for harnessing the power of data to drive meaningful insights and real-world impact. From data collection and preprocessing to advanced analytics and machine learning, I'm constantly honing my skills to extract actionable knowledge from complex datasets.

### 🚀 Open to Collaboration: ###
I believe in the power of collaboration to push the boundaries of knowledge. Whether you're interested in exploring innovative data-driven solutions, conducting behavioral experiments, or just geeking out about data, feel free to reach out! Let's connect and create something impactful together.

### 🌟 Continuous Learning: ###
In this rapidly evolving field, I'm committed to lifelong learning. I'm constantly seeking new challenges, experimenting with cutting-edge tools and techniques, and staying up-to-date with the latest developments in data science and behavioral economics.

### 📊 Skills: ###
Data Analysis, Machine Learning, Python, R, Behavioral Economics, Data Visualization, A/B Testing, Statistical Modeling, and more.

### 🔗 Connect with Me: ###
Let's connect and embark on a journey of discovery and innovation! Feel free to reach out for collaboration, discussions, or just a friendly chat.

## Things I code with ##

<p>
<img alt="Pandas" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Pandas-5849BE?style=flat-square&logo=pandas&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="NumPy" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-NumPy-blue?style=flat-square&logo=NumPy&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="Docker" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-46a2f1?style=flat-square&logo=docker&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="R" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-R-8DD6F9?style=flat-square&logo=R&logoColor=white" /> 
<img alt="python" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-13aa52?style=flat-square&logo=python&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="mysql" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-mysql-F7B93E?style=flat-square&logo=mysql&logoColor=black" />
<img alt="Jupyter" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Jupyter-FB542B?style=flat-square&logo=Jupyter&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="git" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat-square&logo=git&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="Scikit-learn" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Scikit learn-DD0031?style=flat-square&logo=Scikit-learn&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="Scala" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Scala-DD0031?style=flat-square&logo=Scala&logoColor=white" />
</p>

## Things I am learning ##

<p>
<img alt="AWS" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-AWS-DD0031?style=flat-square&logo=amazonaws&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="TensorFlow" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-TensorFlow-EC4A3F?style=flat-square&logo=TensorFlow&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="Apache Spark" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Apache Spark-EC4A3F?style=flat-square&logo=ApacheSpark&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="keras" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Keras-yellow?style=flat-square&logo=keras&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="MongoDB" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-MongoDB-green?style=flat-square&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="MongoDB" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Excel-13aa52?style=flat-square&logo=microsoftexcel&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="keras" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-PyTorch-blue?style=flat-square&logo=pytorch&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="tableau" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Tableau-5849BE?style=flat-square&logo=tableau&logoColor=white" />
</p>

## Recent Breakdown (Last 7 Days) ##

<!--START_SECTION:waka-->

```txt
Python   44 mins         ████████████████████▓░░░░   83.03 %
YAML     9 mins          ████▒░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   16.67 %
Other    0 secs          ░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   00.16 %
Bash     0 secs          ░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   00.14 %
```

<!--END_SECTION:waka-->

## Current Projects ##


### Contact me ###


* Website : <a href="johnhangen.github.io">johnhangen.github.io</a>

* Email : <a href="jthangen@gmail.com">jthangen@gmail.com</a>

* Linkedin : <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/jack-hangen">https://www.linkedin.com/in/jack-hangen</a>

Commit message:

Revise README with new personal details and projects
Updated personal introduction and project highlights in README.

README.md, after:

# Jack Hangen #

Hey, I'm Jack 👋
I studied data science at Quinnipiac and got my MS in Computer Science from Georgia Tech. I like building things that learn — mostly RL agents and ML models, but I'm always poking around with something new.
📍 Connecticut · 🌐 jackhangen.com

Some projects I'm proud of
🎮 BREAKOUT — Deep Q-network that learns to play Atari Breakout
🐦 Bird_API — Bird species classifier using transfer learning
✍️ TextStyleTransferRNN — RNN that learns to mimic different writing styles
🕹️ PPO — Proximal Policy Optimization from scratch

## Things I code with ##

<p>
<img alt="Pandas" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Pandas-5849BE?style=flat-square&logo=pandas&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="NumPy" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-NumPy-blue?style=flat-square&logo=NumPy&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="Docker" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-46a2f1?style=flat-square&logo=docker&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="R" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-R-8DD6F9?style=flat-square&logo=R&logoColor=white" /> 
<img alt="python" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-13aa52?style=flat-square&logo=python&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="mysql" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-mysql-F7B93E?style=flat-square&logo=mysql&logoColor=black" />
<img alt="Jupyter" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Jupyter-FB542B?style=flat-square&logo=Jupyter&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="git" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat-square&logo=git&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="Scikit-learn" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Scikit learn-DD0031?style=flat-square&logo=Scikit-learn&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="Scala" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Scala-DD0031?style=flat-square&logo=Scala&logoColor=white" />
</p>

## Things I am learning ##

<p>
<img alt="AWS" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-AWS-DD0031?style=flat-square&logo=amazonaws&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="TensorFlow" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-TensorFlow-EC4A3F?style=flat-square&logo=TensorFlow&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="Apache Spark" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Apache Spark-EC4A3F?style=flat-square&logo=ApacheSpark&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="keras" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Keras-yellow?style=flat-square&logo=keras&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="MongoDB" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-MongoDB-green?style=flat-square&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="MongoDB" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Excel-13aa52?style=flat-square&logo=microsoftexcel&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="keras" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-PyTorch-blue?style=flat-square&logo=pytorch&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="tableau" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Tableau-5849BE?style=flat-square&logo=tableau&logoColor=white" />
</p>

## Recent Breakdown (Last 7 Days) ##

<!--START_SECTION:waka-->

```txt
Python   44 mins         ████████████████████▓░░░░   83.03 %
YAML     9 mins          ████▒░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   16.67 %
Other    0 secs          ░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   00.16 %
Bash     0 secs          ░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   00.14 %
```

<!--END_SECTION:waka-->

## Current Projects ##


### Contact me ###


* Website : <a href="johnhangen.github.io">johnhangen.github.io</a>

* Email : <a href="jthangen@gmail.com">jthangen@gmail.com</a>

* Linkedin : <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/jack-hangen">https://www.linkedin.com/in/jack-hangen</a>
